With: The most common way to open a file in python is using "with" statement, it opens the file as a stream and closes it automatically even if any error occurs.
      e.g. with open("file.txt", "r") as file: ...
      Creating a with block does not create a new block of scope, the scope only applies for the file. i.e. only file variable cannot accessed outside the "with" block.

Open(): open function is used to open a file in memory so we can work with it, it takes 2 arguments: file_path and mode ("r" for read, "a" for append, etc.)

.close(): file.close() is used to close the file and free it from memory, it is always recommended to close the file after we are done working with it.

Path: The file_path that we pass as an argument can be absolute path or relative path.
      Absolute Path: The path of file with complete volume and directory information. e.g. "E:\Notes\temp.txt"
      Relative Path: The path of file relative to the directory in which terminal is active or script is running. e.g. ".\temp.txt"

Reading: Reading operations on a file can be done when we open a file in any of the read modes ("r", "r+w", etc.)
  .read(): file.read() function is used in read mode to read information inside a file, it takes number of bytes as an argument, and returns information.
        By default returns the whole file information, if no argument is passed.
  
  .readline(): file.readline() returns one line from the file.
  
  .readlines(): file.readlines() returns the list of lines in the file.
  
  file_cursor: when we are reading from a file, the file_cursor moves to the point we have read till, i.e. if we have read one line from the file, it will start from the next line.
  
  .seek(): file.seek() allows us to move the file_cursor to our desired index in the file. We can set file.seek(0) to start reading the file from the start again.
  
  .tell(): file.tell() returns the current position of file_cursor in the file.
  
  .removesuffix()

Writing: Writing operations on a file can be done when we open a file in any of the write modes ("w" or "w+", etc.)
         Opening a file and writing in it overwrites all of its contents, i.e. all of the content is replaced with what we write.
         We can use file.write() any number of times to update the file and add lines.

Appending: Appending operations on a file can be done when we open a file in any of the append modes ("a" or "r+a", etc.)
           Appending essentially adds new information in our file without deleting or overwriting the previous information present in our file.
           We use the same file.write() function to append into our file.
           Append does not automatically add a new line, i.e. we have add \n in order to add information on separate lines in our file.
           It can be useful for logging.

JSON: JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) is a lightweight file format for storing and sharing data.
      In python we use the built-in json module to work with json files.
      json file format is very similar to python dictionary and hence we can easily change between the two.
      We use the json.load(<file>) function to load a json file into a python dictionary.
      We can use dataclasses to model data partially or completely that is retrieved from the json file.
      In order to store data in a json file we use the json.dump(<dict>, file_path) method after opening the file under write mode.

      Difference between JSON and Python Dictionary:
        Using double quotes (") is mandatory for string datatype and keys in JSON.
        Booleans are lower case in JSON, i.e. true and false.
        In JSON we have null instead of None.
      
      In order to just retrieve the JSON representation as a string we can use the json.dumps(<dict>) method, which returns a JSON representation of the passed dictionary without storing in a file.
      In order to just retrieve the dict representation as a string we can use the json.loads(<JSON>) method, which returns a string representation of dictionary coversion from a JSON.

Errors: FileNotFoundError
